# why-N-how
Here we elaborate on numerous questions that we try to answer by asking 'why?' and 'how?' to that question. The same thing you can do this with the AI chatbot's these days and it can reply you mostly correct manner, but the thing is do we all think in similar way? Definitely 'No', so the questions asked are like figuring out a thing/object with your eyes closed. And if we do that we will have many different answers from different person for the same object, if you are taking here elephant as a example and someone is touching it's feet they might feel like it is a tree (The old story of blind person figuring out the elephant). Similar thing can happen with a concept and there might be various ways to see that concept but only in certain way something can be understood by someone!

For e.g. One might wonder and say how does a table lamp work? We can answer by simply saying the light has led's(if LED) which produces the light using the electricity and which is why we say that the light is shining? Many people might be satisfied with the answer, but few might still wonder and say how does LED takes electricity and creates the light? now we are in the game. Someone might answer that question by simply saying that the LED is type of diode that takes in some voltage and glows, but is that enough? No, for some people that is not enough and they will ask why does the LED is only diode that can do that and not other diodes? or what is voltage? or why does it glows does? this can go on and on, but seriously how far can it get? Is there an end to these chain of questions that we can form? Can we come to an end where we can say that this is the end? Might not! But this is the thrill of asking questions and finding the answers, so we should start by doing so! Not worrying about learning something new or studying something for sake of some other thing, nope it is a pleasure of thinking but with asking the questions(but not limited to) 'why' and 'how'!
